["What's Luv?" by Fat Joe playing]
♪ Joe Crack the Don, uh ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, y'all ♪
♪ Irv Gotti, Irv Gotti ♪
♪ What's love? ♪
♪ Ashanti ♪
♪ Terror, Terror Squad ♪
♪ It should be about us
It should be about trust ♪
♪ What's love? ♪
- ♪ Got to do, got to do with... ♪
- [horn honking]
[young man] Hey, Summer.
- Hey.
- Quinn. Hi.
Hi.
I didn't know
if you were coming out tonight.
Mm. That makes two of us.
Seems like I'm the only one
who's afraid of a serial killer.
I'm sorry.
I know they were your best friends,
and I know you and Emmy were close.
Are you doing okay?
No. [chuckles emotionally]
What's that?
I... I actually...
I kind of wanted to give this to you--
Hey, hey, hey! You made it!
Ethan.
Ain't a party till Summer Field shows up.
Spring Fling, baby!
Let's go!
♪ ...in a hoodie or a linen, a provider ♪
♪ You should see the jewelry on my women
And I'm livin' it-- ♪
- [radio beeps]
- [officer] This is Unit 7, curfew patrol,
responding to an illegal party
at the Hayshed Barn. Over.
- ["What's Luv" continues]
- ♪ Got to do, got to do with it? ♪
♪ What's love? ♪
♪ It should be about us
It should be about trust... ♪
Oh, wait. One sec.
Hey!
♪ You got a man
But you need to understand ♪
♪ That you got something with you ♪
♪ Ass is fat, frame is little ♪
♪ Tattoo on your chest with his name... ♪
- [Ethan] Hey.
- [girl] Summer!
I'm so sorry about Emmy.
- How are you, Summer?
- Okay.
[girl] I was at the mall
when it happened.
["What's Luv?" continues faintly]
[ominous musical sting]
- ♪ ...Taj Mahal ♪
- ♪ What's love... ♪
Hey, DJ!
- I'm just--
- [Ethan whistles]
- [song stops]
- [indistinct chatter]
All right, everybody. Cups up!
Brian and Val were my best friends,
and nothing will ever be the same
without them, without Emmy.
I hope they catch the Sweetly Slasher
and he fries for what he's done.
- [boy] Whoo! Heck yeah! That's right!
- Val, Emmy, Brian.
[exhales sharply] Rest in peace.
This party's for you.
- Cheers!
- [boy] Cheers!
[siren wailing]
["What's Luv?" continues]
Everyone's acting so normal.
Yeah. I know. I miss them too, okay?
But the point of this party
is just get wasted and forget about it.
- Isn't that why you're here?
- No. No, I... I couldn't sleep.
I miss Emmy so much.
I just didn't wanna be alone.
[drink spills]
Yo, Summer, I'm sorry.
Just-- I-- What?
Hey, Summer!
Summer!
[cup clatters]
["What's Luv?" continues faintly]
[ominous music playing]
[door squeaks]
[indistinct radio chatter]
These kids have a death wish?
Ah, probably just blowing off
a little steam.
["Pork and Beef" by The Coup playing]
♪ No justice, no peace ♪
♪ They got me face down
In the middle of the street ♪
♪ Pistol-whip me with the heat
Chicken shits sizzling... ♪
All right, everyone! Party's over!
Last one out spends the night
at the station. How about that?
- Let's go.
- [students clamoring]
[water dripping]
[lid pops off]
[lid snaps on]
[ominous musing playing]
[gasps]
[tense music playing]
[objects crash]
[boards clatter]
[indistinct chattering]
[tense music continues]
[horns honking]
[Summer] Help! Help!
Please, somebody help me!
[tense music continues]
[door creaks]
[tools clatter softly]
[items clattering]
[items crash]
[metallic clank]
[items crashing on floor]
[belt jingles]
[Summer whimpers softly, breathes shakily]
- [belt jingling]
- [Summer whimpering]
- [menacing music playing]
- [Summer screams]
[grunts]
[groaning]
[blade swishes]
["Ballad of a Homeschooled Girl"
by Olivia Rodrigo playing]
[alarm beeps]
♪ Cat got my tongue... ♪
[young woman] What happens
when a bright shining star dies?
A black hole is born
where something brilliant and strong
suddenly vanishes,
leaving ripples across space and time.
- Unfortunately...
- [cell phone dings]
...this sounds a lot like my life.
♪ Feels like my skin
Doesn't fit right over my bones ♪
♪ So I guess I should go ♪
♪ The party's done, and I'm no fun ♪
- Yes!
- ♪ I know, I know, I know... ♪
[young woman] I'm applying
to the 2024 NASA Internship Program
because sometimes it feels like
my life is a black hole.
On April 16th, 2003,
the Sweetly Slasher
went on a three-day killing spree.
Four teenagers were murdered,
including my sister.
Even though it was over 20 years ago,
tragedy still hangs over this town.
And every year,
on the anniversary of their deaths,
I'm reminded
that one single moment in time
can change everything.
The past overshadows my future,
and I'm not sure where I fit in.
I want to try to understand
the darkest parts of the universe
and where I belong in it.
♪ I told secrets I shouldn't tell ♪
♪ I stumbled over all my words
I made it weird, I made it worse ♪
♪ Each time I step outside... ♪
- Morning.
[song fades to silence]
- Yes!
- [chuckles]
I knew NASA would take you.
What'd your parents say?
You didn't tell them.
[young woman] Mr. Fleming,
I can't tell them today of all days.
Uh, your sister... uh, was my student.
This day can't be easy for you.
I didn't even know her.
Besides, there's no way my parents
will let me go to DC for three months.
They barely let me out of the house
after dark.
Oh, come on. They might surprise you.
How long has Mr. Pickles been in this box?
Let me think. [inhales]
Twenty years?
I feel your pain, Pickles.
Hey, Lucy...
Lucy, Lucy, don't let your life
just happen to you.
Take control of your future.
[school bell ringing]
[girl 1] Four kids
murdered in three nights,
and they never even caught the guy.
[girl 2] Yeah, it was just like
a horror movie.
[girl 1] We should
seriously start a podcast.
[girl 2] I don't know.
They're never gonna find the killer.
It's been 20 years.
Wait, how did they die again?
Didn't one get killed
at the old Marine Museum?
Oh my God.
I know that the first two
were at the mall.
Ew, malls.
[melancholy music playing]
[gentle music playing]
[birds chirping faintly]
["A Thousand Miles"
by Vanessa Carlton playing on stereo]
♪ Makin' my way downtown ♪
♪ Walkin' fast, faces pass
And I'm homebound ♪
♪ Starin' blankly ahead ♪
♪ Just makin' my way
Makin' a way through the crowd ♪
- ♪ And I still need you ♪
- [floor creaking]
♪ And now I wonder ♪
♪ If I could fall into the sky ♪
♪ Do you think time would pass me by? ♪
♪ 'Cause you know
I'd walk a thousand miles ♪
♪ If I could just hold you ♪
♪ Tonight ♪
[Lucy] "Summer, now I'm free,
but you'll never be."
"You'll regret this."
"E"?
[woman] Luce?
What are you doing in here?
I was looking for you.
Well, it's time to go. We're leaving.
[silverware clattering]
[waitress] Welcome to Olive Garden.
The Field Family Special.
Thanks, Delores.
You look so much like her.
Sorry. Anything else you'll need?
- [man] No, all set. Thank you, Delores.
- [Delores] Okay.
Hey, how was your day, kiddo?
Um...
I got an internship.
You got a... a what?
- At NASA.
- NASA?
- I didn't know you'd applied for this.
- Where is it, honey?
Um, it's... it's in DC... this summer.
Uh...
[chuckles in disbelief]
I...
What about SONR?
You used to love
coming with me to work as a kid.
I could probably
get you an internship there.
It's right here in Sweetly.
- SONR's doing some cutting-edge work.
- Um...
[woman] Let's talk about this later.
We should eat
so we can go pay our respects.
[dad] Your mother used to cook,
and she was amazing.
Remember that, when Summer would help you?
[moody music playing]
[mom] I remember your first steps
like it was yesterday.
[dad] I miss playing with you.
At least you won't have to pretend
to let me win anymore.
Lucy, hon?
You brought something for Summer?
Yeah.
I left it in the car.
[eerie music playing]
[whooshing, engine powering down]
[mechanical clanking, whirring]
[clanking]
[eerie music continues]
[board creaks]
[machine beeping]
[machine thrumming]
[Summer screams in the distance]
[machine continues thrumming]
- [creaking]
- [tools clanking]
[machine beeping and thrumming]
[intriguing music playing]
[machine beeps]
[beeping continues]
[exhales]
What the hell?
[machine beeping]
[intriguing music intensifies]
[whirring]
[lasers sizzling]
[energy whooshes]
[machine powers down]
[clicks, whirs]
What?
- [birds chirping]
- [tense music playing]
[Lucy] What is happening?
Mom?
[sighs] Where did they go?
What the hell?
No, no, no, no. No.
Mom?
[unsettling music building]
Dad?!
[suspenseful music playing]
[panting]
[Lucy] Wait... The Riverside Grill's open?
2003?
What is going on?
[horn honks]
[Lucy] I gotta talk to Mr. Fleming.
[school bell ringing]
["So Yesterday" by Hillary Duff playing]
♪ So yesterday ♪
♪ You can change your life, if you wanna ♪
♪ You can change your clothes
If you wanna ♪
♪ If you change your mind ♪
♪ Well, that's the way it goes ♪
♪ But I'm gonna keep your jeans ♪
♪ And your old black hat, 'cause I wanna ♪
♪ They look good on me ♪
♪ You're never gonna get them back ♪
♪ At least not today
Not today, not today ♪
♪ 'Cause if it's over let it go and ♪
♪ Come tomorrow
It will seem so yesterday ♪
♪ So yesterday ♪
♪ I'm just a bird
That's already flown away ♪
♪ Laugh it off and let it go and ♪
♪ When you wake up
It will seem so yesterday ♪
♪ So yesterday ♪
♪ Haven't you heard
That I'm gonna be okay? ♪
[boy] What's crack-a-lackin'?
- Figure out your outfit?
- I don't have anything to wear.
[girl] We're going to the mall.
- [boy] You excited for Spring Fling?
- Yeah.
Yo, Summer. Can we talk?
Jesus, Ethan. Take a chill pill.
Suck it, Val.
[Ethan] Come on, Summer.
Can we talk for a minute? Alone?
I... I gotta go. Ethan, I'm sorry.
Ethan Myers?
Hey, dude. You're trippin'.
Let her go.
I don't get it. She just ends it
out of nowhere after two years.
[boy] Don't let it get to you. Come on.
Let's go take it out on that nerd Quinn.
[door opens]
Please don't use my computer
to illegally download music.
What?
Oh--
- Are you a student here?
- Yeah.
Well, I will be. I have a question.
Shoot.
What are your thoughts on time travel?
Hypothetically speaking,
for a paper that I'm writing.
We're all time travelers.
You know,
scooting along at the stellar pace
of one second per second.
[glass shatters]
I'm... I'm sorry.
If only we could pop back to the moment
before you dropped that jar, Quinn.
- [Mr. Fleming chuckles]
- [Quinn] Yeah.
[Mr. Fleming] Perfect timing.
Quinn here is a physics genius.
Yeah, um...
It's just... traveling into the past
is a horrible idea,
'cause you could create a paradox,
or multiple paradoxes.
You know, you could create a ripple effect
that could be devastating.
- [school bell rings]
- Okay, go to lunch. Both of you.
Get outta here.
[Quinn] All right.
Mr. Pickles deserves better.
[Mr. Fleming] How do you know his name?
[male students clamoring]
[Ethan] Let's go, nerd!
Goin' swimmin'!
[taunting laughter]
[Ethan] A beautiful day for a swim.
Hey, what's going on?
Seniors throw someone
in the river every year.
Stupid tradition.
[students clamoring]
Are you Emmy Golden?
Yeah. Why?
Nothing, nothing.
- Please, stop!
- [boys laughing]
- Man, come on.
- I can't hear you!
[Quinn] Guys, I said stop!
It's not funny anymore. Please!
Hey!
[boy laughing]
[Quinn]
Ethan, you know I can't swim! Stop!
[boys laughing]
[Ethan] Hey, you got
your floaties on, huh?
- Time to take a dip!
- [boy laughing]
What's the problem, spaz? Can't you swim?
[Quinn] You know I can't swim!
[students chanting]
Toss him in! Toss him in! Toss him in!
[Lucy] Hey! Put him down!
Just a joke.
Yeah, it's not funny.
Hey, you guys think it's funny?
[students] Yeah!
[Ethan exclaims]
- [Ethan grunts]
- [students] Ooh!
[scattered laughter]
It's kind of funny now.
Hey! What's going on?
I don't need a girl fighting my fights.
You know, you're lucky.
At my school,
everybody would've taken a video,
and you would've been viral on Twitter.
What's Twitter?
[Lucy] Whatever it's called now.
If you really are a physics genius...
I need to tell you something.
You're from the future.
Prove it, if you are.
- Uh...
- [gentle music playing]
[Lucy] I'll show you.
- [Quinn] What is this?
- [Lucy] It's my phone.
You call people on this?
I don't... I don't really call people.
But it's my flashlight,
it's my alarm clock, it's my music,
it's my TV... It's everything.
You're from the future.
Yeah, look.
If you want to unlock it, Face ID.
Try to unlock it.
[phone beeps]
[phone clicks]
See?
Let me see that.
This must be a million bucks.
- [Summer] Emmy, wait!
- [Emmy] What?
[Summer] Look, I'm sorry.
This is insane. [chuckles]
- [Summer] I can fix it, Emmy.
- Don't touch me, Summer.
[Quinn] This is not a phone.
This is like a miniature pocket computer.
I don't... I don't see any way you could
call someone on this thing. This...
Wait, wait, hold on.
I have a million more questions.
Is Arnold Schwarzenegger president?
It gets a lot worse.
Is, um... Is Paris Hilton still hot?
- That's your second question?
- I'm just curious.
- Do we have robot pets?
- We have a Roomba.
It's like a robot vacuum cleaner.
[Summer] Quinn.
Hey.
[Quinn] Hey, Summer.
Hey, Quinn. I'm... I'm sorry about Ethan.
You know, he was just messing around.
Plus, I totally dumped him.
He's an asshole.
Um, did you do the chem homework?
Yeah. I have it back at my house.
You want it?
I can, uh, bring it to you if you need it.
Oh my God. Oh, that would
really save my life. Thank you.
- [Quinn chuckles]
- [Summer] Okay.
Do I know you?
You... You look really familiar.
Uh, no, I just have one of those faces.
No, no, no, no, no.
Hang on. It'll come to me.
Camp Deerkill. Three years ago?
[light playful music playing]
- Yeah, yeah, I was... I was there.
- [Summer] Yeah?
Yeah.
You were the girl that peed in the pool
and then denied it.
[Quinn laughs]
Mm-hmm.
- Well, excuse me.
- [Lucy] Mm-hmm.
Um, it was nice meeting you...
Lucy.
Lucy. That's my middle name.
[woman, in distance]
All right, ladies, suit up!
[Lucy] This cannot be happening.
- There's something you need to see.
- Hm? Yeah.
[Quinn] You're telling me
this is a time machine?
There was a flash, and now I'm here, so...
[Quinn] Okay. I just thought
a time machine might look more futuristic.
Why'd you choose April 16th, 2003?
[Lucy] April 16th?
Oh shit. You're not doing anything
right now, are you?
No... no... no.
[Lucy] Great. Let's get me home.
[intriguing music playing]
Welcome.
This is so cool.
Yeah? Thank you.
I spend most of my time out here.
It's better than my... house, but...
Uh, give me a hand.
- Lucy.
- Yeah?
It's the heaviest time machine
I've carried. Please help.
[Lucy laughing] Okay.
[intriguing music continues]
- [Quinn] The sides. You got it?
- [Lucy] Yep. Careful.
[Quinn] I'm being careful.
Slowly.
- [Quinn] Clear? All right.
- That was heavy.
[Lucy sighs]
- [Quinn whistles]
- [softly] Yeah.
This light was on before,
and now it's out.
"SONR."
You know,
maybe we just need another one of these.
SONR? Well...
We can't exactly walk up
to a nuclear research facility
and ask them for a sample.
My dad works there.
[wrapper crinkling]
Oh my gosh.
Uh, excuse me.
These are my favorite.
- Plus, I haven't eaten since 2024.
- Okay. You're lucky I have another one.
Cheers.
To sending me home.
[Summer] Emmy?
I really need to talk.
Can I... Can I see you tonight?
I have work.
I can come to the museum. Um...
- I... I just... I really need to talk to you--
- Summer, stop.
You made your choice.
Please leave me alone.
Sorry.
[Quinn] Why were you worried
that today's April 16th?
If you knew something bad
was gonna happen tonight,
would you try to stop it?
No.
Right, but, you know, don't I have
some type of moral responsibility
if I know
something really bad starts tonight?
It'd be a huge mistake.
You should not change the past.
This isn't some Marty McFly scenario
where he just disappears from a photo.
You could create a paradox
where everyone, everywhere
just, whoof, disappears from every photo.
Just ceases to exist.
[watch beeps]
I've got to go to work, so...
Hey, uh, can you give me a ride?
I have a plan.
This is my house here.
[Quinn] This is your house? You live here?
[Summer] Quinn! Hey!
Wait, is Summer your sister?
Don't act so surprised.
Just gonna grab my dad's key card,
and we're out of here.
Lucy, this is a stupid plan.
You should not interact with your family.
It's not the best,
but it's our only way into SONR.
Okay. All right.
Let's do it.
[Summer] Hey!
[Quinn] Hey!
- Summer, um...
- Hi.
Hey.
I, um... I brought the homework
that you wanted.
[Summer] Oh, this is actually...
This is calculus.
Do you have the chem homework?
That's kinda the one that I needed.
Yeah, shoot, the chem homework.
No. You know what?
No, I don't have the chem homework,
but Lucy can help you.
She loves science. Right, Lucy?
Yeah, like, I know we literally just met,
but I am great at science.
- Better than Quinn.
- Really? Well, okay. Yeah.
- Okay, uh, sure. Thank you.
- [Lucy] Yeah, of course.
- Come on in.
- [Lucy] Sure.
[Quinn] Okay.
Okay, I'm going to work now. So...
Bye!
Okay, my house is kind of a mess,
but just ignore it. [chuckles]
God, I'm hungry.
[groans] I'm so hungry.
- [mom] Hey.
- Hi.
Food, hello.
[mom] Oh, who's this?
[Summer] This is Lucy.
She's gonna help me with my homework.
- Nice to meet you, Lucy.
- [mom] Hi, Lucy.
I'm ready to eat.
It's nice to meet you guys.
Are you hungry?
We made way too much food.
- [Summer] You should totally eat with us.
- Totally.
- Did you just say "totally"?
- Uh-huh.
- [knife sharpening]
- [mom] You're more than welcome to.
I'd love to. Thank you.
[both] Oh sorry.
- [dad chuckles]
- [mom] You two are very cute.
[Summer] Oh my God. [chuckles]
Val and Brian
are going to the mall tonight.
Maybe Lucy and I can go?
[dad] Nice try. Homework first.
And thank you so much, Lucy,
for helping Summer.
- She needs all the help she can get.
- Mom.
[mom] I'm sorry, sweetie,
but you just have so much potential.
You were doing so much better
when Emmy was helping you.
Did you two patch things up?
No.
This is amazing.
Do you cook like this all the time?
Aww. Summer and I cook dinner
almost every night.
[Summer] Mm. Mm-hmm.
It's my favorite time with her.
You have family dinners at your house?
Not really.
- You're always welcome here.
- [dad] Yes, absolutely.
[somber music plays softly]
[Summer] Hey, Lucy.
You okay?
Your parents are just...
nothing like my parents.
[Summer sighs] Lucky.
Do you see the way my mom
was getting onto me about my grades?
[Summer sighs heavily]
[Lucy] Yeah, my mom's the same way.
Not about grades, but everything else.
[Summer] I'm not that great at math.
Or English.
Or Spanish, or science.
Last semester, Val and I
had to beg Mr. Fleming not to fail us.
Really?
[Summer] Yeah.
Is that why Quinn does your homework?
He offered.
He's so sweet.
We've been friends forever.
He's kind of like a brother to me.
But my mom would kill me if she found out.
Question...
Your outfit.
What exactly were you going for?
[Lucy laughs]
Come with me.
["Teenage Dirtbag" by Wheatus playing]
♪ 'Cause I'm just a teenage dirtbag... ♪
- It's a little much.
- No, it's not enough.
♪ I'm just a teenage dirtbag, baby ♪
- ♪ Listen to Iron Maiden, baby... ♪
- [Summer gasps]
Shut up!
God!
- Who's too glamour?
- You.
That's so fly!
Sorry!
Use me like a coat hanger.
- Next.
- Okay.
- Time is money.
What?
It's one size fits all.
[both laughing]
- I look like Hannah Montana.
- Who?
Before we're done,
you're gonna look like Mariah!
Next.
We'll find it, don't worry.
♪ Doesn't know what she's missing ♪
[gasps]
[Lucy] It's not the worst.
[song fades to silence]
[Summer] My work here is done.
No offense.
None taken.
So, um...
You, Val, and Brian have been friends
for a long time, huh?
How do you know that?
Instagram.
Facebook.
Myspace.
I think Quinn told me.
I think it was really cool
how you stood up
to Ethan and Brian earlier.
I could never do that.
Yes, you could.
They're dicks.
[Summer chuckles]
I mean, they're harmless.
They're my best friends.
[Summer] I really wish
we could go to the mall right now.
You could meet them.
What do you think? Leopard, zebra?
Either one would look good on my floor.
Behave.
[rap music playing softly over speakers]
I've known Val since I was, like, five,
and she's literally the sweetest person.
They're not perfect, but I wouldn't be
able to survive without them.
[Lucy] This might be
a weird question, but...
If you knew something bad
was gonna happen,
would you try to stop it?
Well, yeah. Who wouldn't?
What if it made
something bad happen later?
I would still try and fix the first thing.
Um, what time does the mall close?
Nine. Why?
[suspenseful music playing]
- I gotta go.
- Right now?
What about the chem homework?
Okay.
[suspenseful music continues]
[Lucy] Yes!
[woman on PA] Can I have your attention?
We will be closing in five minutes.
We thank you for shopping with us today.
My fellow time traveler.
It's always so strange
seeing a student outside school.
Excuse me. Sorry.
- Can I use one of the change rooms?
- We're closing.
I'll be so quick.
Come on, you won't even know I'm here.
Please, please, please.
- Oh, and I need this in a medium.
- [clerk] Of course you do. All right.
[sighs] You can go in here.
I'll get you a medium.
[Val] Thank you.
[foreboding music playing]
[Quinn] Lucy?
[Lucy] Quinn!
Hey. Have you seen Val and Brian?
Yeah. Brian was in here earlier.
Rented American Psycho,
which is so on-brand for him.
Brian, come look at
how cute this outfit is.
[Brian, mimicking Val] "Baby,
do you like my leopard print jacket?"
"You're such an animal."
"Mm. Like that?"
[in normal voice]
Hey, your shit turned off.
You know where they are?
I think I overheard Val saying
that she wanted to go to Wetslide.
- Wetslide. Where is that?
- But I'm not sure.
- Third floor.
Wait, Lucy. Why? Why?
[ominous musical sting]
Brian?
[blood squelching]
Brian!
Brian?
Brian, come on. This isn't funny.
[terrifying musical sting]
[screams, whimpers]
[whimpers]
[ominous music playing]
[Val whimpers]
[breathing heavily]
[Lucy screaming]
[air whooshing]
- Val!
- [Val exclaims]
[Lucy] Go!
[Lucy grunts]
[Val and Lucy scream]
[Lucy] Go! Go!
- Val? Val!
- [Val screams]
[Lucy] Val!
Help!
[Val yells, cries]
[screaming] No! No!
[Val screaming]
[skull crunches]
[gasps, breathes heavily]
[security guard screams]
Lucy! What's going on?
[Quinn] Holy shit.
[sirens wailing in distance]
[Lucy breathing shakily]
- [crickets chirping]
- [wind chimes tinkling]
Watch that step right there.
All right. No one will know you're here.
[Lucy] Thanks for letting me crash.
You can just sleep here.
Here's a blanket for later.
And, uh, I just-- In case you get chilly.
Thanks.
You okay?
The security guard...
He wasn't supposed to die.
I made the Sweetly Slasher
even more deadly.
Wait, wait.
Only serial killers get nicknames.
Yeah, he... he kills--
No, n-no, don't.
Don't tell me.
Except...
I mean, do they catch the guy?
I mean, my mom was always certain
that it was Ethan.
Supposedly, he had alibis
for all of the murders, but...
I mean, honestly,
these murders destroy this town.
Lucy, you can't stop this.
I'm sorry. It's just... whatever was
supposed to happen has to happen.
We should be focusing on
fixing the machine, getting you back.
I need to get my dad's badge.
Okay.
[Lucy] I'll go in the morning.
[suspenseful music playing]
[doorknob rattling]
[whispering] Where is it?
Lucy?
You asked if I would do anything
if I knew something bad was gonna happen.
- And then you left for the mall.
- I went there to try to stop it.
How could you know?
- Unless--
- I should go.
No, my friends are dead.
You owe me the truth.
I know that. And I want to tell you.
But you're never going to believe me.
Yes, I will.
Please.
[sighs]
I'm your sister.
I just haven't been born yet.
[gentle music playing]
What?
I'm from the future.
You're from the future.
Look. I can prove it.
In 20 years, I find this letter from Ethan
under your floorboard.
I've never seen this before.
[Lucy] Look,
you don't have to believe me, but...
why would I make this up?
[door closes]
[pensive music playing]
[drill whirring]
[Quinn] Hey.
[Lucy] Figure out how to get me home yet?
No.
[Lucy sighs]
- [Quinn] Did you get your dad's badge?
- [Lucy] No, but I'll try again later.
[Quinn] I was gonna check out
the computer next.
You want me to start it up or...?
[Lucy] No, I got it.
- [Quinn] You okay?
- [Lucy] Yeah. I just need to go home.
- [machine beeps]
- [keyboard clacking]
[Lucy chuckles]
Whoa.
You'd be amazed
what I can do on a home system.
I already am amazed.
"Fire Particle A into Particle B."
[Quinn] Okay. We know Particle A
is the laser beam,
but Particle B, I don't know.
[Lucy] It says here "rubidium."
Antimatter.
Right. Yeah.
Like, uh, like quantum entanglement.
Matter and antimatter.
If we had two entangled particles
on either end of the machine,
then we could connect them.
- Yeah.
- Like opening a microscopic wormhole.
- [snaps fingers]
- Which you've traveled through.
So this canister from SONR
must've had enough antimatter in it
for it to create a singularity
big enough for you to travel through.
So that's what we need.
We need more antimatter.
[Summer] Holy shit.
[Lucy] We have to get
into their power plant.
Maybe we can hack their website.
I'm gonna look up SONR.
I got it.
[modem dialing, screeching]
Wait, I think I made it angry.
- What? Relax. Give it a minute.
- Why is it making that sound?
What, the modem?
That's what a modem sounds like.
Oh.
[both laughing]
I just checked all the connections.
Arm B is fully functional.
Now we just need a new canister.
Great.
You know, it sucks you have to leave.
It's kind of nice...
just, you know, having someone around.
Trust me. I'm not exactly looking forward
to going back to my life.
I can't exactly stay here.
Why don't you want to go back?
It's just...
I feel like nobody really sees me.
It can be lonely, you know?
Yeah, my, uh...
My dad left a couple years ago,
and my mom...
Um, I understand lonely, so...
[gentle music playing]
Um, you know, if we get this thing fixed,
I'd love to take a peek at my future.
Why?
I just hope it's better than...
[slamming locker]
...this.
[knocking on door]
[door closes]
- Hey.
[Summer] Hey.
You believe her, don't you?
Yeah. Yeah, I do.
It's totally crazy,
but it made a lot of things make sense.
You have to tell me everything.
Do I make it on Broadway?
Do I ever get married?
- Should I invest in Blackberry?
- Definitely don't do that.
Uh...
You don't have to worry.
You have a great life.
You have a... a great job, great friends,
an annoyingly handsome husband.
You have it all.
Wait, um... so who killed Val and Brian?
I don't know.
- They never solve any of the murders.
- There are more?
Oh my God. Who?
Look, you know,
you can't do anything about it.
Look, I tried last night,
and I made things worse.
Are you serious?
We have to do something.
Doing something in this context
is extremely subjective.
I mean, we could save a life.
We might also start World War III.
- [Lucy] Exactly.
- Just tell me who's next.
Lucy.
Just-- Please.
[Lucy] Emmy Golden dies next.
Emmy?
She dies tonight at the Marine Museum.
Emmy.
We... We can't let that happen.
Quinn, please.
I need your help.
She's at the museum tonight,
and-- Can you...
Yeah. Yeah, I can...
I mean, I can, like, drive or something.
Sorry, what happened to World War III?
I could be wrong.
Or we could alter the future,
and then we all die.
- We're not altering the future.
- No.
We're just giving it a little... makeover.
Makeover.
- A makeover.
- Yeah, like in She's All That.
Yes.
I don't remember that movie ending
in the destruction
of the space-time continuum.
I will not let Emmy get killed.
[emotional music playing]
What kind of person just stands back
and lets something like that happen?
How are we doing this?
[rousing rock music playing]
- [rock music fades out]
- [crickets chirping]
["Complicated" by Avril Lavigne playing]
♪ 'Cause life's like this ♪
♪ That's the way it is ♪
- ♪ Chill out, whatcha yellin' for? ♪
- [phone ringing]
♪ Lay back, it's all been done before ♪
- [phone continues ringing]
- ♪ And if you could only let it be ♪
♪ You would see ♪
- [song stops abruptly]
- [crickets chirping]
[Summer] Seriously? I've tried
the office number, like, three times,
and there's still no answer.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Summer] I'll search the Bradbury,
you guys search the Keenora,
the other boat.
There's a back entrance
that's never locked.
[door opens]
[Lucy] Watch your head.
[boat creaking]
[Lucy] Emmy, are you here?
[Quinn] Emmy?
Why did the killer have to choose
the world's creepiest museum?
[boat creaking]
Why would anybody work here?
- [metallic creaking]
- [door closes]
[Summer] Emmy?
[boat creaking]
[electricity buzzing softly, crackles]
[softly] Emmy!
[ominous music playing]
- [Quinn] Oh shit.
- [echoing clank]
- What was that?
- [Quinn] I don't know.
No, no, no, no.
- [Quinn screams]
- [terrifying musical sting]
[Lucy panting]
[loud metallic clanking]
[Quinn] Oh my God.
I hate this museum.
Me too.
Come on.
♪ Why'd you have to go
And make things so complicated? ♪
♪ I see the way
You're actin' like you're somebody else ♪
♪ Gets me frustrated ♪
♪ Life's like this ♪
♪ You, you fall
And you crawl, and you break ♪
♪ And you take what you get ♪
- ♪ And you turn it into honesty... ♪
- [ominous music building]
[door opens]
[crickets chirping]
Emmy!
♪ You're makin' me
Laugh out when you strike your pose ♪
[terrifying music playing]
Emmy! Turn around!
They're above us.
[Summer] Emmy!
- [CD player crashes]
- [Emmy] Oh shit.
[loud thud]
- [knocking on window]
- Emmy!
Behind you!
[footsteps approaching]
[terrifying music playing]
[Emmy] Summer?
It won't open! Summer!
- [Summer] Lock the door.
- [Emmy] I'm trying!
Lock it, lock it, lock it!
- Look out!
- [Emmy screams]
[Summer] This way. Come on, let's go!
[Emmy] He's coming! Go, go, go!
Go!
- Go! Go! Go, go, go!
- [girls screaming]
Go! Go!
[suspenseful music playing]
[music fades]
[brakes squeak]
[Summer] You okay?
[Emmy] Yeah. I think I'm just in shock.
Thanks for coming to save me.
[sighs]
We did it.
We saved Emmy, and no one else died.
Yeah, I just hope she lives
a very long, boring, and uneventful life.
[both chuckle]
I was thinking
that we could save the next person too.
Who is it?
Summer.
It's Summer?
Lucy, why aren't we driving
across state lines right now?
- We have to get her out of here.
- I know. We have to save her.
You have to tell her, Lucy.
I will.
[somber music playing]
I'm gonna tell her tonight.
[Lucy] You and Emmy...
What about me and Emmy?
[Lucy] The letter.
"You'll regret this."
I thought it was from Ethan, but it's not.
It's from Emmy.
Yeah.
Yeah, um, we promised
to come out to our parents.
And then I was afraid.
I don't think I can do it.
And I've never told anyone
that before, so...
I mean, it gets better.
Things aren't perfect,
but we've made progress.
No spoilers, but gay marriage is legal.
Some really cool people come out.
The point is, you know,
you can be yourself.
Then why did you say
that I would end up with a husband?
I mean,
that's seriously a fate worse than death.
There's something that I...
need to tell you about your future.
- [Delores] Hey, there.
- [Summer] Hey.
- Summer.
- Delores.
[Delores] Let me guess...
Chicken Alfredo,
cheesecake with extra strawberries.
- Yes.
- [Delores and Summer giggle]
Please tell me they have
never-ending breadsticks in 2003.
- Duh.
- Make that two of each, please.
You got it.
[gentle music playing]
Wait, are we friends?
I mean, I know I'm, like, 40,
but we're sisters.
It's a bummer you were born so late.
Were you an accident?
No.
They did IVF and everything.
Why did they wait so long?
What's wrong?
Nothing.
[pensive music playing]
[stairs creaking]
- [dad] I think they're delicious.
- [mom] It's not necessary. [laughing]
[dad] Morning, Lucy.
Good morning.
You're up early.
I'm a... an early riser.
Come on. Come say hi.
[mom] Good morning, Lucy.
I hope Summer
wasn't too much of a bed hog.
No, I just couldn't sleep.
So, what are your plans
for the summer, Lucy?
Well, I... I got an internship at NASA.
NASA? Wow.
- [mom] That's amazing.
- [dad] Impressive.
Congratulations.
Your parents must be so proud.
Thank you.
Will you have some breakfast?
I'll get you a plate.
I actually gotta go, but thank you.
[emotional music playing]
This might be kind of random, but...
did you guys
ever think about having another kid?
No.
[both laughing]
[dad] Can you imagine?
[mom] Summer was quite a handful
as a baby.
I think one has always been enough for us.
- Yeah.
Yeah.
Thanks again for having me.
[mom] Anytime.
[Lucy] Quinn?
[intriguing music playing]
[Quinn] Lucy.
I got my dad's badge.
- So, we're good to go to SONR.
- [Quinn] Cool.
[Lucy] We should test the lasers.
[laser whirring]
Did you, uh... Did you tell Summer yet?
Lucy.
You didn't.
Why not?
I wanted to, but...
[somber music playing]
I realized if she lives,
then I'll never be born.
So, you're just gonna let her get killed?
Did you hear me?
If she lives, then I'm gone.
Lucy, I can't just let her die.
I can't.
'Cause you're in love with her?
This isn't about me.
[Lucy] Please.
This is complicated.
[Quinn scoffs]
[door opens]
[door closes]
[pensive music playing]
[Summer] We're sisters.
Hey.
There's something I need to tell you.
[Summer] So if I die, you live.
And if I live, you don't exist.
Seems like it.
To be honest,
I never really existed anyway.
It always felt like my life
was defined by your death.
When you died,
you left this hole in our lives...
that Mom and Dad tried to fix with me.
I never knew you.
But I... I do now.
And I... I get it.
If I lost you, my...
my life would be ruined too.
It's okay to want to live, Lucy.
I don't know what's gonna happen...
to me.
No one does.
But I don't want a future
if you're not in it.
You have to do everything
that you want to do.
You have to live.
I have a plan to save you tonight,
but you have to trust me.
Okay.
- [pensive music playing]
- [birds chirping]
[footsteps crunching on leaves]
- [twig snaps]
- [Lucy gasps]
[leaves rustling]
[twig snaps]
[suspenseful music playing]
[music intensifies]
- [gasps]
- [music fades out]
Hey.
- You came.
- Yeah, that was the plan, right?
I'm sorry.
I was being selfish.
I... I understand.
I don't want to lose either of you.
Let's go steal some antimatter.
[adventurous music playing]
- [students yelling raucously]
- [horn honking]
[music beat thumping loudly]
["What's Luv?" by Fat Joe playing]
Hey, you coming?
Let's party.
[Ethan] Let's go!
[card reader beeps]
- [door beeps, unlocks]
- [Lucy] Yes!
[suspenseful music playing]
So, you really think we can save Summer
and send you home?
Yeah, if we stick to the plan,
and we kill the Slasher.
- [door opens]
- Oh shit.
- [Quinn] Hide!
- [door clangs shut]
- ["What's Luv?" by Fat Joe playing]
- ♪ I'm livin' it up ♪
♪ The squad stay fillin' the truck ♪
♪ With chicks that's willin'
To triz with us, uh ♪
♪ You say you got a man
And you're in love... ♪
[Ethan] Yo, DJ!
It's just a security guard.
Brian, Val...
Rest in peace.
This party's for you.
To a long life.
Cheers.
- [all cheering]
- [Ethan] Cups up!
["What's Luv?" resumes]
Hey, babe, this is our jam.
♪ What's love... ♪
I should've done this a long time ago.
[song fades into romantic music]
["What's Luv?" fades back in]
I love you.
I want you to remember that.
Why are you acting like
it's the last time I'm gonna see you?
I'm sorry.
Summer.
[ominous music playing]
- All right. Come on. We gotta go.
- Hold on.
[Lucy] Yeah?
You didn't want to save Summer before.
What changed?
I got to know her.
I mean, my whole life, she was just this
looming presence
that I could never live up to.
And now she's my sister.
For real.
I have to try.
["What's Luv?" continues indistinctly]
- [ominous music playing]
- [Summer] There you are.
[door creaking]
[beeps]
[door unlocks]
Quinn.
Wow.
[tense music playing]
[Quinn] What the...
[glass crunching]
Lucy?
[Lucy gasps]
[Lucy] The Slasher's been here.
He needs antimatter.
The machine. That's his.
He's from the future.
That just means he's one step ahead of us.
[air whooshes]
No. He's not.
Because I'm from the future too.
[door creaks]
[tense music playing]
This is where I die.
[tense music intensifies]
- [metal clanks]
- [music darkens ominously]
[Summer exhales]
[engine roars]
[music fades out]
[engine idling quietly]
- [Quinn] Did we do it? Is he dead?
- Summer.
[tense music playing]
[Lucy] Summer!
It worked! She's alive!
[door slams shut]
Hey. Are you okay?
Come on! Go, go! Get in the car!
- Let's go!
- [Lucy] Yeah.
[Quinn] Come on! Get in!
- Come on! Let's go!
- Go!
[Quinn] The plan worked!
[Lucy and Summer panting]
[Quinn] He's moving.
- [Lucy] What?
- He's moving.
[Summer] Quinn.
- [Lucy] You gotta run him over.
- [Summer] Kill him!
[Lucy] Run him over.
[gear cranking]
Quinn, hurry up! Kill him!
- Hurry!
- [Quinn] I can't! It's stuck!
[Summer] Guys?
- [menacing music playing]
- [gear continues cranking]
[Summer] Quinn...
[menacing musical sting]
[Summer] Oh my God.
Quinn?
It's me.
[blade chimes]
Put it in reverse, and get us out of here!
Floor it. Go!
[engine revs]
[tires screeching]
- [Lucy] Get me to the time machine.
- [Quinn] It's in my garage, Lucy.
- He knows where I live.
- [Lucy] That's what I'm counting on.
[tense music playing]
[Quinn] Wait, Lucy. Wait.
I'm never gonna become that monster.
Okay? I promise. You have to believe me.
I do.
When he shows up, keep him distracted
while I power up the time machine.
[machine beeping]
- [pounding on door]
- [Quinn] Guys?
He's here.
[suspenseful music playing]
[machine buzzes]
[beeping]
[lock clicks]
Hey, guys.
[locks door]
What's going on?
[yells] What's going on?!
[laughs]
- What happened to you?
- Don't you mean, "What happened to us?"
No.
We're the same, buddy.
It was a lot of things.
Everyone looked down on me.
No one cared. They treated me like shit.
And then the river happened.
Oh, the river.
They threw you in.
And Summer...
Summer laughed while you screamed.
- That never happened.
- [Future Quinn] It did in my timeline.
And then things got worse.
- [yelling] She made things worse!
- What the hell are you talking about?
Hey, hey!
[chuckles wryly]
Remember I wrote you a letter?
I spilled my guts.
[machine beeping]
And you told me...
that you could never love us like that.
'Cause you... are pathetic!
No.
I wanted to escape.
So I made a plan.
Kill Summer,
kill all of her closest friends,
and then I would
just disappear through time.
Just because I rejected you
doesn't mean you get to murder me.
Hey.
If I die, you die, right?
[laughs]
You'll learn
that's not how time travel works.
[machine beeping]
[laser powering up]
Something you didn't plan for
when you murdered Summer...
[electricity crackling]
You created me.
Get her out of here!
[Quinn] Go!
[Lucy and Future Quinn grunting]
[tense music playing]
- [Future Quinn grunting]
- [metallic clatter]
[Future Quinn groans]
[tense music continues]
[Lucy grunts]
[Future Quinn] You're really starting
to get on my nerves.
[Lucy whimpers]
[Lucy panting]
Come on.
Come on. Come on.
[both yell]
[grunting]
[Lucy yells]
[both grunting]
[labored breathing]
I'm gonna enjoy this.
- [both yell]
- [electricity crackles]
[body thuds]
[charger clatters]
Seriously doubt you enjoyed that
as much as I did.
[sinister musical sting]
[tense music building]
[sinister music playing]
- [squelches]
- [Future Quinn groans]
[groaning]
[emotional orchestral music playing]
[exhales]
[Summer] I kind of liked having a sister.
I never got to tell her that.
Well, at least the Slasher's gone.
So is Lucy.
[Lucy] No, I'm not.
[uplifting orchestral music playing]
Lucy!
[Lucy] I came back.
[Summer] And the Slasher?
He's dead.
But what about you?
What about your life, your future?
I got back to 2024
and started thinking that...
maybe where I'm meant to be is here.
With you.
You belong here.
This is your future.
Wait, so you killed the Slasher
and then, what? And then just came back?
[Lucy] Well, I may have gone home
to see if anything had changed.
[Quinn] Okay. And?
[Lucy] My parents had no idea who I was.
[Summer laughs] Tell me everything.
[Lucy] Let's just say there's no husband.
Dear NASA, thank you for accepting me
into the 2003 Internship Program.
As requested,
please find my personal statement below.
The biggest lesson I've learned in life
is to take advantage of the present.
Growing up, I felt trapped,
living in the shadow of the past.
I was told to take control of my future,
but the future is not guaranteed.
One moment in space and time
can change your life forever.
You can lose everything you love
in an instant,
or you can gain a new best friend
by giving someone a chance.
My friends have taught me
that we shouldn't spend too much time
regretting the past
or worrying about the future.
To the present.
The only moment worth fighting for
is the one happening right now.
[all] Cheers.
[Lucy] Life is short.
All we can do
is enjoy the moment we're in
and hug the ones we love.
That time... is now.
[Lucy] I always wanted a little sister.
- [Summer] I'm clearly the big sister.
- [Lucy] I'm definitely older.
[Summer chuckles] No way.
I was born 20 years before you.
[Lucy] No, look at us.
I'm obviously the big sister.
[Summer laughing] No.
["All You Wanted"
by Michelle Branch playing]
♪ I can save you ♪
♪ I can take you away from here ♪
♪ So lonely inside, so busy out there ♪
♪ And all you wanted
Was somebody who cares ♪
♪ All you wanted was somebody who cares ♪
♪ If you need me, you know I'll be there ♪
♪ Oh, oh ♪
♪ Whoa, yeah ♪
♪ If you want to, I can save you ♪
- ♪ I can take you away from here ♪
- ♪ I can take you away ♪
♪ So lonely inside, so busy out there ♪
♪ And all you wanted
Was somebody who cares ♪
♪ Oh ♪
- ♪ If you want to, I can save you ♪
- ♪ Want to ♪
- ♪ I can take you away from here ♪
- ♪ I can take you away ♪
♪ So lonely inside, so busy out there ♪
♪ And all you wanted
Was somebody who cares ♪
♪ Please, can you tell me? ♪
♪ So I can finally see ♪
♪ Where you go when you're gone ♪
[song fades to silence]
[hopeful orchestral music playing]
[ethereal string music playing]
[tense orchestral music playing]
[music fades to silence]